Possible resolution of KT-58964 (Consider moving content of section 5.1.2 (Sealed classes and interfaces) under section 4.1 (Declarations > Classifier declaration)) (#134)
JetBrains/kotlin-spec: docs/src/md/kotlin.core/declarations.md

> // but d1 methods are still delegated to x1
> ```

##### Class inheritance modifiers

Class inheritance behaviour can be changed using modifiers, such as `open`, [`abstract`][Abstract classes] and [`sealed`][Sealed classes and interfaces].

- Modifier `open` allows for a class to be inherited from. By default classes are [closed][Classifier type inheritance] (that is, they cannot be inherited from), one should add this modifier to change the behaviour.

> - Modifier [`abstract`][Abstract classes] allows for a class to have members without implementation (that is, *abstract members*). Such classes *cannot* be instantiated directly; they are used as superclasses for other classes or objects. Abstract members should be implemented in a subtype of this abstract class. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Modifier [`abstract`][Abstract classes] allows for a class to have members without implementation (that is, *abstract members*). Such classes *cannot* be instantiated directly; they are used as superclasses for other classes or objects. Abstract members must be implemented in a non-abstract subtype of this abstract class. 
```

> - Modifier [`sealed`][Sealed classes and interfaces] works similarly to the `abstract`, but for *sealed* classes inheritance is limited to the module it was defined in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Modifier [`sealed`][Sealed classes and interfaces] works similarly to the `abstract` modifier, but for *sealed* classes inheritance is limited to the module it was defined in.
```
